steven crowder also does not know any of
the stuff and doesn't care
steven crowder is just trying to troll
you and you guys are taking the bait in
an unsophisticated way but the fact that
steven crowder says the nazi party were
socialists and that he's a buffoon he
makes an ass of himself in arguing this
that doesn't mean that your role on the
left is to have a knee-jerk reaction
where you argue the opposite just
because it's the opposite of what this
idiot said hey guys two wrongs don't
make a right I know that's I don't know
a moral to put to a story that's so
banal that grown-ups don't want to hear
it in a sophisticated YouTube video
we'll both sophisticated political
philosophy but sometimes it's important
you say that two wrongs do not make a
right I've lately seen some really
intellectually dishonest and from my
perspective immoral videos from voices
on the left that are out of convenience
misrepresenting and lying about the
history of fascism the far right and the
Nazi Party and I know they are only
telling these half-truths and lies
because the opposition they're up
against is even stupider and even more
dishonest so this is thrown into relief
most notably by a left-wing channel
called three arrows attempting to take
on the misinformation campaign
represented by steven crowder and Dinesh
D'Souza now steven crowder is a buffoon
and there's a difference between being a
buffoon and being stupid
however stupid he may be he is acting
stupid he's at he's basically playing a
fictional character I mean to criticize
the political views of Dinesh D'Souza
this is like you know to criticize Bugs
Bunny you know to what extent are you
fencing with you know a cartoon as
ridiculous and sure I mean someone like
Dinesh D'Souza is a complete joke
but what are you doing when you are an
ostensibly respectable historian like
three arrows and you are making claims
and statements like this that are a mix
of the misleading the intellectually
dishonest and the totally untrue and I'm
going to be a hundred percent honest and
say that the idea to put this video out
on the internet was first put in my mind
by everyone's favorite lowbrow ranting
pseudo intellectual the amazing atheist
TJ Kirk and the amazing atheist is a
very very influential thinker and pundit
here on YouTube and anyone who's been on
YouTube for about ten years you know
knows him and knows his influence but we
also know that he's toward the same end
of the spectrum as a steven crowder in
that he's mostly about having a kind of
you know pugnacious and entertaining
delivery and he puts very little time
and effort into researching facts there
have been a couple of exceptions of the
years I remember when the Elliot Rodger
case broke he actually took the time to
read Elliot Rogers entire manifesto and
to research and reporting on that which
I appreciate it because it was a stark
contrast what was going on in the
mainstream press but if you think that
guy sat down and did even five minutes
of research before recently making
statements about the history of the Nazi
Party and fascism you got to be joking I
don't think even checked a Wikipedia
article so what is the bone of
historical contention here and why does
it matter so much well the issue is
whether or not the right wing are using
this in sincerely and invidiously of
course they are of course someone like
steven crowder
is basically just being patrol the issue
is to what extent was the Nazi Party of
Germany actually socialist for those you
who don't know the word Nazi is an
abbreviation of National Socialist there
are many errors made by the
well-intentioned left-wing people sir
some of them are errors and some of them
are intentional manipulations but first
and foremost I already talked about this
aspect in earlier video what they're
doing is deleting Italy from the history
of European fascism the extent to which
people in the 21st century ignore Italy
in the 20th century and Italy is not the
only country that gets ignored this way
the history of Greece in the 20th
century there are many parts of Europe
or even within the white Western
European world history is made out to
only involve England France and Germany
to a ridiculous extent I think any
outsider like a Chinese person or
Japanese person studying this history I
think many outsiders would would would
say this is a kind of racism isn't it is
there something Northern Europeans have
against Mediterranean Europeans where
they feel like history only happens on
the shores of the Atlantic Ocean and
part of the shores of the Mediterranean
now if you go back a few centuries of
course Italy is the most important
country in the world and it's the the
main focus of European history but in
this period again whether it's through
intellectual dishonesty or whether it's
a sincere blind spot I don't think any
of these people are actually racist
against Italians don't get me wrong but
the extent to which Italy has been
deleted from their accounting and
reconceptualization this history is
astounding and you cannot understand the
bizarre historical concoction of 20th
century fascism of end of quote unquote
National Socialism in Germany you cannot
understand it without understanding what
happened in Italy in the lead-up to
World War one during World War one and
in response to World War one and then
the rise of fascism in Italy in the
interwar years thereafter with the
unique historical character of Mussolini
all right so look obviously steven
crowder also does not know any of the
stuff and doesn't care
steven crowder is just trying to troll
you and you guys are taking the bait in
an unsophisticated way but the fact that
steven crowder says the Nazi Party were
socialists and that he's a buffoon he
makes an ass of himself in arguing this
that doesn't mean that your role on the
left is to have a knee-jerk reaction
where you argue the
opposite just because it's the opposite
of what this idiot said now when you're
looking at a totalitarian regime and you
want to find evidence for what it was
they represented it is very difficult to
select evidence from a time when they
will be giving an earnest account of
what it is they represent or what does
they pursue this is a problem with all
totalitarian regimes left-wing or
right-wing so I mean you know like or
any other kind of salutary regime so I
mean if you actually want to know what
was Joseph Stalin trying to do to help
the poor in the post-world War two ERA
that's not something you can even easily
get out of propaganda the research
should be you know what was the
government attempting to do and then he
can look at what they actually did and
what the outcomes weren't or to Sunday
they failed but what I'm gonna throw up
on screen here as an illustration I took
this photograph in a museum in France
recently a museum dealing with World War
2 and the Holocaust impacts these things
this is a propaganda poster that was
made by fascists for fascists this is
how German fascism was presented to
French fascists after Germany had
conquered France and set up what is
called the Vichy regime so this is a
very revealing piece of historical
evidence about the extent to which
Nazism National Socialism still was a
form of socialism however terrible
however I don't know depraved and
corrupt and awful and violent don't get
me wrong I'm not saying anything
positive about it um long after the
night of the Long Knives long after
Adolf Hitler had taken over power not
just of one country but of a large part
of Europe because again there's another
excuse which again completely ignoring
the history of Italy completely ignoring
the history of the later period there's
an excuse that says well there's this
early period this is the approach three
arrows has there's this early period
before the night of the Long Knives when
the word socialism is part of the name
of the Nazi Party and it really matter
but then very soon thereafter Adolf
Hitler kills everyone who was
criticizing him inside the the Nazi
Party and then it's not socialist at all
anymore really well this is long after
you know the leadership of Adolf Hitler
has become unquestioned and you know
it's soaked in blood no one's allowed to
question him that's why there's no
questioning and this is his attempt to
present his ideology to the the small
percentage of people in France who might
really support him among really favor
him after he's conquered their country
right the very difficult political case
to make what do we read here contra de
Guzman bourgeois por la solidarity you
men against bourgeois egoism
for human solidarity what what political
party does that sound like to you
who does it sound like they're trying to
recruit or appeal to in that historical
period this is propaganda but the
propaganda itself is very telling contra
the individual yzma poreless free
community against individualism in favor
of the spirit of communalism control the
capitalism Internationale pour the
corporate yzma from say against
international capitalism against you get
this the Nazi Party was anti-capitalist
it was 80 capitalists from its inception
it was 80 capitalists during the night
of the Long Knives and it was
anti-capitalist afterwards and that
rhetoric and propaganda remains here
when they're reaching out to the people
who would potentially support them so
again steven crowder is a buffoon but on
this issue was the Nazi Party Pro
capitalist or anti-capitalist the fact
that he's a buffoon does not mean that
he's wrong about everything
steven crowder still drinks water and
breathes air you know broken watch is
Right twice a day can't be wrong about
everything people and he
he does he probably does read a
Wikipedia article once in a while you
know whatever he's got to get material
from somewhere to keep ranting on his
totally phony insincere radio show um
contra la condicin proletarian por la
justice social so against the condition
of the proletarian meaning against the
oppression of the proletarian that's
what it really means here for for social
justice still today what does that sound
like to you just think about the
vocabulary who even uses the word
proletarian and social justice who do
you think they're pitching to here again
even if the propaganda is 100 percent
insincere think about the ideological
function of this document they're
defining who they are and presenting
this to people they want to recruit
people that want to civilize them
against egalitarianism for hierarchy now
Joseph Stalin's regime and Mao Zedong's
regime and frankly even the regimes in a
you know little country like Laos or
Cambodia or Cuba I think it's fair to
say communism in the real world is
against yellow terian ISM and for
hierarchy I think they just wouldn't
tell it to you straight this way so yeah
there are differences there are very
important differences between Nazi ISM
and socialism or communism there are and
if you go through this full list you're
gonna see more of them including
obviously the overt racism anti-semitism
but hey have you taken five minutes to
look into the history of racism and
anti-semitism in the Soviet Union it'll
give you nightmares homie I'm sorry if
you haven't read about pogroms if you
haven't read about massacres of Jewish
people on the Soviet Union
did you do a little bit of reading
sometime and you're gonna find out that
anti-semitism was not unique to Western
Europe or Germany it wasn't unique to
the far right wing in this period of
history and there's a very real body
count for that in the Soviet Union also
and here you go again against democracy
for authority for authoritarianism I
think we could
say that about communism and fascism
equally they're both authoritarian
anti-democratic regimes maybe the Nazi
Party here was being a little bit more
honest than forthcoming in their
propaganda than the then the Communists
were so guys the other kind of bottom
line here I mean it's right I opened
this with the light motif two wrongs
don't make a right
very true um there's a question of how
many years you put into some of this
anthems I saw recently a website from
the infamous YouTube were a valiant
valiant briefly rose to fame in
prominence here on YouTube as a neo-nazi
demagogue and she carried out crazy
publicity stunts like baking a birthday
cake for Adolf Hitler and her racist
views and so on really over-the-top I
saw recently just a couple of weeks ago
a website she made reflecting on how her
political views had changed what she
represents today politically and what
her feelings were about fascism and
Nazism Nazism in the past and where she
stands now and although most people
would regard her as both crazy and
stupid it's really interesting to say
I'm sorry I can't share the link with
you the websites been banned the website
is gone um she just stuck with it she
kept researching the history of the Nazi
Party and fascism and far-right politics
and she decided as she learned more and
more facts she decided that she wasn't
anti-semitic and that she wasn't
particularly racist that she didn't
support the genocide of or killing of
any group of people that stated was
stated on her website and she also found
that the the form of Nazism that she
supported was the form that existed
before the night of the Long Knives
and she started describing herself as a
left-wing authoritarian she started
identifying with this more socialist
side of fascism
now if totally surreal but quite
interesting to read that that a human
being went through this intellectual
process of becoming an extremist you
know obviously becoming a kind of public
laughingstock in many ways and then
figuring out gradually what it was that
drew her to that extremism in the first
place now a valiant is banned from
Twitter or BAM
YouTube that website got banned by
whoever was well yet and so on and so
forth so her voice is evidently being
silenced in politics but it was striking
to me in seeing her I'm again this is
someone we all kind of presume to be to
some extent insane it was striking to me
that she seemed to really know a lot
more of the history of what is fascism
what was the Nazi Party how did it end
up being this bizarre hybrid of
socialist and frankly some left-wing
features with right-wing
authoritarianism fascism glorification
of feudalism going back to Christian
values
yeah Christian nationalism as a way to
put it how did these different elements
come together in the crucible 20th
century politics my impression was that
a valiant as stupid and crazy as you may
have been put years of research into
this and ended up knowing more and being
more honest about it than people like
three arrows and the amazing atheist so
shame on you
[Music]